[SRVKS-1115] Performance and scalability of OpenShift Serverless Serving (#80197)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-known-limitations-serving.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * /knative-serving/scalability-and-performance-serving.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="serverless-known-limitations-serving_{context}"]

> = Known limitations of OpenShift Serverless Serving

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Known limitations of {ServerlessProductName} Serving
```

> The maximum number of Knative Services that can be created is 3,000. This corresponds to the OpenShift Container Platform Kubernetes services limit of 10,000, since 1 Knative Service creates 3 Kubernetes services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum number of Knative Services that can be created is 3,000. This corresponds to the {product-title} Kubernetes services limit of 10,000, since 1 Knative Service creates 3 Kubernetes services.
```
